Bring back UCX 1.14 (#8402)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/additional-functionality/rapids-shuffle.md

---
**NOTE:**

As of the spark-rapids 23.06 release, UCX packages support CUDA 11.

> UCX support for CUDA 12 in RAPIDS Spark will be added in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UCX support for CUDA 12 in the RAPIDS Accelerator will be added in a future release.
```

   further.

2. Fetch and install the UCX package for your OS from:
   [UCX 1.14.0](https://github.com/openucx/ucx/releases/tag/v1.14.0).

   RDMA packages have extra requirements that should be satisfied by MLNX_OFED.

##### Rocky UCX RPM
The UCX packages for Rocky are divided into different RPMs.

For example, UCX 1.14.0 available at

> https://github.com/openucx/ucx/releases/download/v1.14.0/ucx-v1.14.0-centos8-mofed5-cuda11.tar.bz2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
https://github.com/openucx/ucx/releases/download/v1.14.0/ucx-1.14.0-centos8-mofed5-cuda11.tar.bz2
```
